Alright, we're going to talk about
externalising properties in Spring and
Spring Boot. So there's a number of
different options that we can use here
and as the Spring framework is evolved,
there's actually a number of different
ways of externalising properties inside
of Spring. It's actually a very robust
area. We're going to look at several of
them in this section of the course.
Externalising properties are something
very important especially when you're in
a big enterprise application because
you're going to be doing externalising
things like database connect URLs,
database users, passwords, things like
that. So where all this other
enterprising stuff is, is going to be put
into externalised property. So your
deployment artifact should be able to be
deployed in any environment and what
changes about that environment, you want
to have externalised. So you can move it
from development, to QA, to production and
have these different environments. That
same artifact should move all the
way through and to enable this or to
help us out in the configuration of this,
we use a lot of external properties and
we're going to take a look at wiring
some up now in this course and by the
time you get done to the section you're
in see that we do have a number of
different tools that we can use to
define externalized properties.